what's up everyone the seven nine eight
six one zero and today we are have a
deck profile for you guys I've been one
through a lot of the older our time I go
through my comments and stuff lately
and I've decided you know what let's go
ahead and do some profiles over some
older art tops you know it's a lot of
fun there's still some of our temps out
there that even though they're older
there's still a lot of fun to use and
actually still pretty useful they're
actually you can put up a good fight
so yeah let's go ahead for today we're
gonna be talking about morphtronics
we're trying to spell my favorite art
types of course from 5ds they're
basically transformers and I always
thought that was really awesome how they
come ahead you know they were really
similar transformers and yeah let's get
started
first off we have two morphtronic
slinging he has a little bit destruction
effect which is really nice being a
little for to like most morphtronics it
really does work out well too for XE
summons that's what was great I think
about exceed monsters is that it does
help out a lot of her necks and like
synchros where you how to run a Tuner
monster XC summoning you can any deck
just about commutes them so I think that
you know just like with crystal beasts
it really powered up it really helps out
more Tronics as well we also have a
three more tonic boomboxen one of the
best electronic cards out there so he's
pretty awesome and then the other one my
other favorite morphtronic card is a
three morphtronic radion a great card he
goes up an attack and also that's pretty
awesome and we also have three
morphtronic Borden another great car
that helps for direct attacks and stuff
so yeah he's a level 3 so you can go for
in threes in the stack so that's pretty
cool too we also have three morphtronic
celfon cellphones great card the main
card i guess really the main monster he
can help you swarm and get the other
ones out on the field yeah sometimes you
can be unlucky though but with machine
duplication you can bring three of these
out fairly easy we're also using two
morphtronic scopen
a great card here's our tuner monster
for the next so we can go for synchro
summoning which is really awesome also
when it's in defense it can become a
level 3 monster so you can use it also
for rank 4 as I guess if you wanted to
or even for rank threes so that's what
that was pretty cool about it we also
have two Thunder King Mario kind of a
tech card that we're trying out
runs great I've been pretty much using
these in almost everything it seems like
they really help out with most ex out
there so yeah and it gives us another
level for muster for rank of force to
bring out so yeah really great card
let's see we have two cyber dragons
cyber dragon of course easy to bring out
card great attack so yeah it's really
nice to be able to use him he's a
monster that's easy to bring out with
great attack at all so if you have the
chance to use them of course you have to
it seems like a most decks so still a
great card Cyber Dragon alright we also
have our bone with spell cards we have
three morphtronic accelerators
accelerators like one of the key cards
for electronics helps you draw and
everything - and destroy cards on the
field really great car we have to jump
box this will help you get some
electronics back so then you can use it
for a c7 that's why I mainly use it for
and now we have staples so we have
muster aboard dark coal
heavy storm two missiles facedown phone
it's not just one and now for sure not
our staples in tomorrow we have two
netted we stand
great card for boosting up I Oscar and I
haven't a lot of attacks so it helps out
with that and two major powers basically
the same thing you know there you know I
remember how you know we stand and make
power we're so annoying back in the day
especially not the old you given some of
the computer always ran both those and
they get these monsters with like over
six thousand attacks so easily so it
really does help out now as well because
they're gonna be swarm in the field for
united we stand and we have a lot of
smells and traps too so he kept a mage
power so you can make just a regular
morphtronic really strong especially
like boomboxen who can attack twice so
it can be fairly scary limiter removal
as well a great card to double attack if
needed in certain situations so yeah
just today make them even stronger
basically we also have to machine
duplications of course yourself on don't
really explain that and you know just
bring out self on more of them and yeah
just keep using that effect to Palma's
triple and one of each of the solemn
soul judgment and solemn warning all
right remove these out of the way and
now we have the extra neck of course the
extra day it's pretty cool because we
have basically
what a beach type of card in the extra
deck all right we have four synchros
we're going with armory arm you can
bring it out of course with scopin and
cell phone
we have catastro two powerful dragons I
can't wait till we get the other
powerful dragon the one that's in the
manga I would probably run one of each
um then it's really nice to be able to
actually use powerful dragon again Black
Rose dragon Stardust and now for fusion
we have chimera tanks since we're using
Cyber Dragon chimeratech does come in
handy so yeah great card to be able to
use and now for all the exceed monsters
we have we have slacker magician because
celfon you can come out so easily and
get three of them on the field using
machine duplication some people might
say well why not use like dark mist or
something but I kind of like slacker
magician a little bit better in my
opinion and it kind of stays in the film
installs a little bit so that actually
for me it helps out more well that's
just my personal opinion on that but I
had prefer slacker magician at the
moment I'm still doing some testing on
the extra deck but I still prefer
slacker magician that's just my personal
opinion on that
why does in mains cuz we do have a level
three so why not have a rank three and
then we're kind of have our rate fours
like a cowboy number 50 black ship of
corn photon papilloperative a number 39
utopia my stroke and of course a number
16 shot master so yeah I hope you guys
have enjoyed this night profile it's
kind of cool you know of course to use
one of these older art apps that are out
there it's still a lot of fun the next a
lot of fun to use and yeah your gang and
X would have be another great card that
you could possibly use in this act too
but of course I don't have that card so
if anyone's want to go down the exceeds
so I mainly chose a lot of generic
exceeds that because you could bring
them out so easily with the seconds you
can swarm so yeah tell me if you guys
have any constructive criticism on
making this neck matter of course always
want to hear about we're gonna have some
tools hopefully really soon I'm gonna
try to sit down and record a bunch of
duals of course using this deck as well
and if you're the other time working on
it so I'm working on a few of their
older art tap backs out there so I hope
you guys are looking forward to those as
well I think they're gonna be pretty
awesome when they're done and hopefully
it won't take that long I know I've been
saying that profiles you know we're
gonna have much lately and I've been a
little slow on that I guess really but
we will try to have those hopefully
really
soon see as always though thank you for
watching members become irate and
subscribe you have an ease I make this
better of course please tell me if you
have a morphtronic a profile of your own
tell me you know tell me what strategy
you went with and if you have a if you
made the deck profile a video of course
at it as a video response I'd love to
see it it's always thanks for watching
them if you come here en subscribe and I
will catch you guys later see it